[DRAFT] Updated Node Module (#462)
CodeYourFuture/syllabus: docs/html-css/week-2/lesson.md

Learning about web security is outside the scope of this module,
but if you want an introduction to web security, visit the [MDN website security page](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/First_steps/Website_security).

## Professional Development (60 minutes)

Exercise (Deliver a tutorial based on what you have learned so far to three different audiences ) (20 minutes)

> It's time to train the trainer and practice your communication skills, your task is to pick an audience and deliver a short tutorial on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's time to train the trainer and practice your communication skills. Your task is to pick an audience and deliver a short tutorial answering these questions:
```

comma splice, list/lead agreement
